Why do you like this crap?
This beast, I am hundreds of times stronger than him
Shen Tianyao
I'll give you another chance to choose again.
You promise to be my little seven now
I can not only take your life to the next level
I can still take you to today's auction
Let you take a look at the life of the upper class
Qian Yao, what are you still doing?
Why don't you agree quickly?
This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
Who cares about him?
Right? Please don't get me wrong.
I was forcibly dragged here by my mother
How dare you refuse me?
And your worth
Finish first
Hey Ye Shao
Ye Shao, don't go
Don't you go?
Ye Feifan
You cost us the auction
Access to the upper classes
I will kill this bastard
Isn't it an auction?
You all want to participate
I can take you in.
Extraordinary, you can really take us in
Of course, but from now on
Uncle Shen had the kindness of mother and son back then
write off
Ye Feifan, you trash
Don't brag.
Even the middle and lower four families
Are not eligible to participate
Why are you not eligible to participate?
I really want to come in.